Write a class for a rectangle, class Rectangle.
Now here I will make everything public an integer length integer Breadth.
Then I will define area function and perimeter function integer area.
Now there's a simple function which returns length into breadth.
perimeter returns 2X length plus breadth that's it, this is a complete class for rectangle.
There's a class for rectangle.
So I have a class for rectangle having data member length and breadth and member functions are area
and perimeter.
Now let us create the objects of rectangles and use them.
So here inside the main function I will create an object of rectangle rone then r1.length  assign
10 then r1.breadth assign 5.
Now I will call area function by using dot operator we can access all the members.
So call area function it should display area here write I write a message area is Re of a rectangle.
Then also I will display perimeter is r1.perimeter.
So here I am creating an object of rectangle setting its length and breadth and calling the functions
and perimeter.
So object of rectangle will have a length and breadth as data members and I can call these functions
which will give me an area and perimeter for rectangle so for ten,5 area should be 50 and the
perimeters should be 30.
Let us run this and see.
Yes five and thirty.
So this was the first program using classes.
So the things to take care in the beginning.
I made everything as public and here after the class I should make semi-colon this is mandatory.
So without semi-colon it is an error and dot operator is used for accessing the member.
So I have access length breadth as well as area and perimeter.